c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\TechEval.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\TechEval.pdb
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\obj\Debug\TechEval.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\obj\Debug\TechEval.dll
c:\users\annie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TechEval\TechEval\obj\Debug\TechEval.pdb
